---
title: "COSMOS Summer Program 2025"
date: 2025-09-03
---

This post came more than a month late, but COSMOS has been one of my favorite experiences, so I do want to make a blog post on this.

Over my summer before senior year, I was able to go to the COSMOS Summer Program at UC Davis.

I participated in **Cluster 8: From Semiconductors to Code: Experiencing Analog and Digital Electronics**

Day 1 (7/6)
Soon after I wake up today, it's time for me to go to COSMOS. It's a 2 hour drive from San Jose to Davis.
I had a quick meal at Raising Cane's before I head over to the dorms.
My roommate is Will Kim, who is at my grade level and attends Granada Charter High in Southern California.

I was actually pretty nervous heading into this program, but I felt relieved when I saw familiar faces from Lynbrook at COSMOS.

We had our first cluster meeting with our RA Tika Ghosh and our TI Sebastian Najbjerg. All of us in our cluster introduced ourselves with name and where we are from. I meet up with another fellow video instructor from CPI (David) and a rising junior at Lynbrook (Daniel) shortly after. Along with Shing, we form a friend group.

The rest of the day was icebreakers, dinner, and a presentation on COSMOS campus rules, where the staff did a nice skit.

Day 2 (7/7)
We had morning announcements at 8 AM. Today's activities after class are a campus tour and speed friending.

AP Scores were released today, so I checked them while at our morning announcements meeting spot. 
4 on AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism 💀
4 on AP Physics C: Mechanics 💀💀💀
5 on AP Statistics
5 on AP United States History

I was pretty shocked to see myself getting a 4 on AP Physics while getting a 5 on APUSH. I locked out during AP Season, so I was half expecing a 4 somewhere. I just didn't think that 4 would be on Physics; I thought it would be on APUSH. Damn so FRQ #4 actually threw me over.

We meet our professors for the cluster, Professor Rashtian and Professor Raj. They introduce the purpose of the cluster, which is an introduction to various fields in electrical and computer engineering. After that, we start our first lecture on C programming, as we are working with microcontrollers which require proficiency with coding. Most of us knew coding beforehand, so it was review.

After lunch, we worked on zyBooks lab exercises, all of which were pretty simple given my past experience with competitive programming. Our TA Ray Madhub made us do all the exercises past the ones assigned by the professor because we finished early, but none of us cared. THe people around me started playing Clash Royale.

Day 3 (7/8)
We finished up our lectures/exercises on C Programming, and our professor began lecturing on the basics of microcontrollers.
In lab, we installed Energia, which was a pain, and then I created a blinking LED. I wish we could use VSCode instead, but Arduino is just quirky.
I attended a Downtown Davis tour with Shing, and the RA from Cluster 5 introduced us to the various places around downtown we could go to.
After quiet hours, my roommate was on a call with his friend at SSP.

Day 4 (7/9)
Lectures on the basics of electric circuits--voltage, resistance, capacitance, etc.
We attended our first Distinguished Lecture Series by Summer Ash on astrophysics. Professor Ash talked about how different wavelengths of light could reveal different pieces of information about our universe. In the end, she talks about the lack of Black and Hispanic representation in STEM fields.
